Okay. So we got the gross topping or at the top grossing films.
We can perhaps also see w here customers are coming from
and from which city our customers buy more.
So these are the top grossing customer cities.
Again, also to to do that similarly,
you have to go from the payment to the customer,
to the address, to the city.
So you also have to do that join which is cumbersome.
Well, the idea is when you have a huge schema and you have lots of links to follow,
that becomes really hard to follow.
So we do not want our business users to start thinking this way.
Similar to the movies,
we also will compute the top grossing cities this way.